normative language inconsistency (#443)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/ssi-introduction.rst

The main difference between this new approach and the traditional IAM infrastructure is that during the presentation phase there are no intermediaries between the Wallet and the Relying Party, while in the SAML2 or OIDC based infrastructure an Identity Provider is always involved, knowing which services a citizen is accessing to.

> Self-Sovereign Identity (SSI) is also significant in the field of data exchange and data governance. This is relevant at both national and European levels, including the new eIDAS Regulation. In fact, it envisions a login option designed for European Users - be they citizens, public administrations, or companies - who want to access another Member State's services using their national authentication systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Digital identity Wallet Architectures are significant in the field of data exchange and data governance. In accordance with the  eIDAS Regulation, a new digital identity paradigm is designed for European Users - be they citizens, public administrations, or companies - who want to access another Member State's services using their national authentication systems.
```
